feat: airtable integration docs (#2041)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/data-storage/airtable/index.md

1. Select any Actor from `Apify store` or `recently used Actors`
![Select Actor screen](../../images/airtable/airtable_actor_select.png)

1. Fill in the Actor input form.
![Configure Actor screen](../../images/airtable/airtable_configure_actor.png)

1. Run the Actor and wait for results
![Run the Actor](../../images/airtable/airtable_actor_run.png)

### Data Mapping

This section will explain how to map your run results or dataset items into your Airtable base

#### Mapping row

Apify extension has UI elements that allow you to map dataset fields to Airtable fields.

![Run the Actor](../../images/airtable/airtable_mapping_row.png)

**Source:** dataset field from Apify.

**Target:** Target Airtable field label. For mode `new` it creates new fields in your table

**Field Type:** Displays the type of the target Airtable field. For `new` mode you need to also specify this field.

#### Select Fields to Map

The preview window next to the mapping rows will help you view and pick fields from the dataset.
"." character in the labels point to the children elements of an object

**Example Source**: crawl.depth <br/>
**Apify Field**:

```bash
{
    crawl: {
    depth: 3,
    }
}

> ```

Author: So the source crawl.depth is referring to the children field depth of crawl in the api result. If you check out the field preview image you can see on the right side fields with "."s in the name. I am not sure if this is very clear in the docs.

<!-- TODO: improve pictures when Apify integration is published -->
Search for Apify extenison and install it

![Search for the Apify extension on Airtable](../../images/airtable/airtable_search_apify_extenison.png)

Open the Apify extension and login using OAuth 2.0 with your Apify account. If you dont have an account, visit [Apify registration](https://console.apify.com/sign-up) page.

![Open Apify extension and login](../../images/airtable/airtable_login.png)

## Extension Overview

Apify extension helps you map and import data into your Airtable base.

### Features

- Run Actors
- Run tasks
- Get dataset items
- Map and import the data into your base

![Apify extension overview](../../images/airtable/airtable_overview.png)

### Run Actor

1. Select any Actor from `Apify store` or `recently used Actors`
![Select Actor screen](../../images/airtable/airtable_actor_select.png)

1. Fill in the Actor input form.
![Configure Actor screen](../../images/airtable/airtable_configure_actor.png)

1. Run the Actor and wait for results
![Run the Actor](../../images/airtable/airtable_actor_run.png)

> ### Run Task

Reviewer: Why sudden title case?
```suggestion
### Run task
```

You can select and run any saved Apify task directly from the extension to reuse preconfigured inputs.

![Run task](../../images/airtable/airtable_task.png)

### Get Dataset

Retrieve items from any Apify dataset and import them into your Airtable base with a single click.

![Get dataset](../../images/airtable/airtable_dataset.png)

> ### Data Mapping

Reviewer: Why sudden title case?
```suggestion
### Map data to Airtable
```

This section will explain how to map your run results or dataset items into your Airtable base

#### Mapping row

Apify extension has UI elements that allow you to map dataset fields to Airtable fields.

![Run the Actor](../../images/airtable/airtable_mapping_row.png)

**Source:** dataset field from Apify.

**Target:** Target Airtable field label. For mode `new` it creates new fields in your table

> **Field Type:** Displays the type of the target Airtable field. For `new` mode you need to also specify this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Understanding mapping rows

The Apify extension provides UI elements that allow you to map dataset fields to Airtable fields.

![Run the Actor](../../images/airtable/airtable_mapping_row.png)

**Source:** The dataset field from Apify.
**Target:** The target Airtable field label. For **new** mode, this creates new fields in your table.
**Field Type:** The type of the target Airtable field. For **new** mode, you must specify this field type.
```

#### Select Fields to Map

The preview window next to the mapping rows will help you view and pick fields from the dataset.

> "." character in the labels point to the children elements of an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview window next to the mapping rows will help you view and pick fields from the dataset.
A period (`.`) in field labels indicates nested elements within an object.
```

**Example Source**: crawl.depth

```bash
{
    crawl: {
        depth: 'the field you selected',
    }
}
```

![Preview dataset fields](../../images/airtable/airtable_field_previews.png)

#### Automatic field matching

Apify extension looks at the field labels in your table and matches them with dataset fields giving you a default list of mappings.

##### How does it work

Source: `crawl.depth`

> it checks for fields in your table with label either `depth` or `crawl.depth`. If there is a match it adds a mapping row automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Automatic field matching

The Apify extension examines the field labels in your table and matches them with dataset fields, providing a default list of mappings.

_How it works_: For a source field like `crawl.depth`, the extension checks for fields in your table with labels matching either `depth` or `crawl.depth`. When it finds a match, it automatically adds a mapping row.
```
